Aliens have invaded the ship.

        How many rooms on the ship?
        5
        ***Each room will print own description upon entry, and then ***tells the engine what room to run next out of the map

        Bridge
            Whoa the Gothon bridge. And a real live Gothon at the helm. Oh shooooot. Another real live Gothon!!!
            M.F --> He shoots you
            M.L --> bump into control panel railing, fall over and shoot him real cool like, like Mission Impossible, on as you fall. He laughs, jumps over the railing, and swallows you whole.
            T.R --> You reacted quickly he didn't see you in his peripheral. Next Action!
                    Any directional move --> Stand Your Ground
                    shoot --> haven't you learned anything about Gothon's!!
                    tell a joke --> code auto loads a joke.

        Escapepod  -- You're in the Escapepod room. There are 5 escape pods, but only one is operational. You only have 30 seconds to figure out which one works before the bomb goes off (good job setting that timer so short!).
                    How to decide?
                        Innie Minnie Miny Mo
                        it's pod number 3. M.F; get in; you notice a trinket on the ground; get back out, grab it, get back in, shoot out, watch the ship explode. You won? did you get all the random objects? yes? Bonus

        LaserWeaponArmory-- Ahh a large rectangular room lined with shelves and shelve of weapons.
              M.F --> you run into a shelf of laser blasters. (can't pick up)
              M.L --> on the bottom shelf are laser blaster, on the top grenades; M.F. --> the back wall is also lined. What's down at the other end?; T.R. --> walk down the aisle, there it is on the bottom shelf with a piece of dusty canvas covering it.
              T.R --> heading down aisle, cool stuff on the left and right, but not what you want. at end of aisle, turn left? " ".


        toilet -- You found the toilet. It's a small room and you can't really move. What do you want to do?
                  -- pee; anything else
                  -- poo; anything else
                  -- look in mirror cabinet -- you're warm
                  -- Find gothon hair gel! (B.P)
                  *Set bomb in here!

        bedroom
            Ahh where the magic happens....you know cause gothon's are really into harry potter and they practice their...umm..."spells" in the bedroom.
            M.F. -- There's a big squishy bed
            M.L. -- A Gothon dresser. I wonder what's inside? --nothing but clothes
            M.R. -- A gothon closet. open--> gothon scrapbook hiding in the corner (B.P).

It begins with our hero face to face with a Gothon. The Gothon's only weakness is jokes.

      what does our hero look like? -- lean muscular build, white tunic on, bandolier of 5.56 across the chest, AR-Pistol in hands, cigar, brown hair, white sweat band tucked under flowing hair
      what does a gothon look like? -- Tall, hardened booger color, huge eyes, can't turn eyes so has to rotate head.
      what is the joke? -- "Hey Gothon!"
                            "Hey what you puny sack of meat?"
                            "Knock Knock..."
                            "(with great reluctance, producing physical perspiration, the Gothon replies) Who...who's there?"
                            "I eat mop."
                            "I ea..eat mop who?"
                            "That's revolting!!"
                            (And like that the Gothon cracks a slight smile, let's out a little chuckle, and then falls dead.)

Backpack: Can pick up random items in the rooms (1 in each room)
        * if the player gets all the random objects then they get a special bonus at the end of the game
        ** write code that outputs "Can't Pick that Up. It's superglued down." when backpackable?==false




Directions: *Zork doesn't give direction commands, you just type in the direction you want to head. What would be helpful is giving a list at the beginning of the words acceptable for orienteering.
          "This is space, there are no cardinal directions!"
              Forward
              backward
              Turn Left
              Turn Right

Verbs:
      walk-- jumps one space
      run -- jumps two spaces
      tell a joke
      shoot -- raises gun aims and shoots
      pee
      poo
      pick up -- places random object in backpack hash

                              Bridge
                                |
                                |
                  Bedroom ----     ---- LaserWeaponArmory
                                |
                                | ----toilet
                                | start
                  escapeod ---- |

                                ^
                                |
                                Corridor
